since there is very little information out there, i decided to post my symptom progression to anyone interested.

female, age 38, 5'6 118lbs. ms and asthma. taking advair and albuterol. living in nys.

i started jotting down how i felt once i realized something was off. here is my symptom journal...

day 1 3/14/20

headache, sore throat. the sore throat feeling also is in the back of my nose, maybe in my sinus? could be allergies? no fever.

day 2 3/15/20

sore throat is worse, kinda feel like something is in my sinuses... they kinda feel blocked. uncomfortable feeling in the back of my head, base of my skull. no fever.

day 3 3/16/20

throat still scratchy but better, definitely feels like strep behind my nose though. started feeling achy and very tired. no fever.

day 4 3/17/20

very difficult to get up for work, extremely exhausted. didn't sleep well, couldn't get comfortable. headache, aches, pain in the base of skull, continued "strep in nose" feeling. no fever, self isolating.

day 5 3/18/20

all previous symptoms with the addition of a mild, nonproductive cough. no fever

day 6 3/19/20

nys health department called. had prolonged exposure to a positive case. placed on quarantine, they aren't coming to test. told to call my doctor. cough has escalated, difficulty walking up and down stairs. no fever.

day 7 3/20/20

shortness of breath, heaviness in chest, pain in left lung when i breathe. i didn't sleep last night... kept coughing. low grade fever 99.2. doctor sending me for evaluation.

at evaluation my blood pressure was low, heart rate was 139, oxygen levels low. they gave me a breathing treatment and was told to stay under quarantine. "high probability" of covid but cannot test me because my temperature wasn't above 101. eval looked like a war zone.

------------

here we are at day 8, i haven't made an entry yet. i will say last week (maybe the 12th or so) i did have a stomach thing that started this off. i didn't connect any dots, but in case it's relevant, here you go.

still no mentionable fever. heart rate resting at 115, spikes over 150 when i walk. chest still heavy, sore throat is gone, still strep feeling behind nose. woke up in a huge coughing fit, but after i cleared my lungs i was better. i feel out of it, little bit of confusion... things just feeling off, not sure how to describe that.

either way, hope this helps someone.

i'll continue to update as symptoms progress or resolve as applicable.

edit: posting links to stomach connection and heart rate connection in comments.

edit: additional symptom not considered is a lack of taste and smell. considering the intense "strep in back of nose" feeling, maybe it has something to do with that? i had complained about not being able to taste anything to my kids, but hadn't connected any dots.

update: day 9

massive headache, pain in eye and increased pressure at base of skull. fever fluctuated over night, highest was 99.6 lowest 96.4. chest heaviness seems to have subsided. there's some rattling in my chest when i breathe, mild pain in left lung. all in all better than previous days.

(sorry if this counts as a re-post/spam, had a typo on the title, previous post has been deleted)

hey guys,

i am generally a lurker on reddit other than posting questions here and there but i wanted to share my ongoings with people on the internet to support me, others and future positive cases. i have tested on 6/29 and just've been notified that i am positive.

i am showing almost no symptoms at all. no fever, no cough, no sneezing. i had diarrhea, slight pressure on my chest and fatigue. mostly i am feeling 90%. however, i work in the service industry and my income has completely stopped. i live in georgia and for some reason my approved unemployment funding is not coming through and i can not get hold of anyone from the dol to help me out. they have a voicemail box and they do not respond to any of my voice messages. however i am fortunate to have a middle class income brother who can help me to pay the rent and car. so in simple words i feel like i am getting f\*\*\*\*\* from all sides. i think my situation applies to a lot of folks out there and the truth is not that many people are talking about it. people have it so much worse than me who are forced to stay indoors for others and have no income to sustain their own. i am getting tested again in couple of days hoping i have shed enough virus to come up as negative or it was a false-positive in the first place. i need to get back to work to survive.

also i want to mention that this virus will get you no matter how careful you might be. i quarantined during the lockdown and did not see a single soul outside of groceries and always washed/wiped everything. i only went to work wearing masks and gloves and did not try to touch my face ever until i took my glove off or washed my hands. it could have been that one time when i unconsciously touched my face or talking to someone who had covid and the secretion made it into my mask. who knows.

sorry if these words seem angry. its mostly frustration and fear. i feel like i won't be able to get back to work for a long time.

if you guys have any questions, feel free to dm me! i am not actively on reddit but i will respond to you eventually.